# xmonad.hs
This is my xmonad.hs configuration file. I want to create a easy and lightweight config for a slow and old hardware, you know, as I have one.
I am not including packages like picom, compton, etc. also I will let it extremely simple.
Anyone have suggestions about this repo, about license should i give this repo the same license as xmonad or be it blank? Please tell, I would love to take your advices.
TODO: xmobar is not shown on my desktop. I tried a lot. idk if this is the way to ask but if someone still reading help me correct it ASAP. I want xmobar to give me wifi device and strength functionality, volume functionality (both working fine as in trayer), Date and Time, Workspaces non-clickable/clickable, system tray ONLY. nothing else. I use Wifi-Adapter. 
You may ask why not use a DE? well I was perfectly using Cinnamon on Linux Mint. Saw some videos about xmonad and xmobar of DT on YouTube that Inspired me to do something different and lead me to install Arch with no DE, because I don't want to have option so that when I break my config i cannot just hop over the DE and I have to actively focus, on the config. currently I have xmonad and awesome. Another reason is, I am attracted towards haskell and lua from a few past weeks.
IDK much about xmonad and window managers. I also appologize if I use wrong terms. 
I created this configuration file using code from the default xmonad.hs, using Derek Taylor's or DT's xmonad config and some parts of other people's code from the internet, from github also, etc. etc.
Hope, one of you enjoy my config which is not entirely mine, TBH, I have told, and Help me make it Better.
BTW, I made this repository so that if i loose data or if i reinstall some other linux distro, i can just git clone and have my the config exactly the way i want it to be. i may include images and wallpapers, .xpm images, etc. once this config becomes what i want it to be.
Suggested Images also welcomed. Also, please tell me how do I make this repo more useful to people like me who have old hardware, want to be on a pc with only a full fledged wm, in my case xmonad. and most are the things preconfigured and don't need things which are waste for 'them', in my case transparency options. i tried it once, my system freezed and that day was a headache.
*Note for me: I will Polish this repository with time.
*Note for others/public/viewers: This is not complete. It can surely give you errors. If you are like me a "noob" and want to play with my config and learn, it's your choice to use this config. idk. BTW, Thanks for reading felt like I'm writing a Blog.
